Properly handle fwupd update capsules, take 2 (#131)
nix-community/lanzaboote: README.md

The stub lives in `rust/stub`.

### Fwupd

> When both Lanzaboote and `services.fwupd` are enabled, `fwupd.service` will get a `preStart` that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When both Lanzaboote and `services.fwupd` are enabled, for `fwupd.service` a `preStart` will be added that
```

> ensures a signed fwupd binary in /run that fwupd will use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ensures a signed fwupd binary is placed in `/run` that fwupd will use.
```
